ftnq,

XXKQ.

7
-

H

2

fVOLIf

KEN
JSTgr-

T
'

UC
S A

Y
A

G
MARCH

A
14, 1780.

ETTE
&c. for this paper, ere thankfully

TURD

Y,

LEXINGTON:

Prints iy JOHN

BRADFORD
received, and

Printing

at his Office in Main Street, white Suhfcriptions, Advertijements, in its different branches dons with Care and Expedition.

';

TO BE SOLDin trad
A
"

DON

CAR

L, O S

of land, situate the county ofjefferfon.on the waters of Fox Run, a branch

TW"lLL cover this season, at
General Charles

An ACT concerning the IMPORTA. TION of SLAVES,' into the DU flriSr of Kentucky. Paffedthe 29f7;eDECEMBER

Sect's

of BrafheaA

Creelc,

containing

one thousand acrs. This tiDON CARELES SM. tle is a Military one and indifpu-tabl- e. C ih, Goods, or produce Beautiful bay, full five feet be"TdlieTi n pa) rnnt Envnll three inches high, stands quire of the fubfcriher, in DanSeffion of this season at the iubfenbers ville' during the the General Court and after- liable within two miles of wards at I.exm ton. Lexington, on the road leadMURRAY Jun. WILLIAM ing hom Lexington to Gem March 2, 1789. Scott's, and will cover mates v no lus also some lands, at five dollars the leafon paywithin five miles of Lexington able in (.oars and calves, n at o let on improvement. cattle, Cheep, purk, wheat, corn, rye or oats at their cash price
--

A

NEW STORE
Just opposite the

nw

Court-Hous-

The subscriber br iuft received abrgeand eereral A(Tof"iert of DRT
GOODS AND GROCERIES with a quantity of Nitls of different sizes, manufacturing ; all which of his heisdcermined to sell on as moderate te ms a poffihle, for Cash, Indian Co n. Tobacco', nutter. Tallow, and Hogs lard. JOHN DUNCAN.

on

Of whom may be had
A collection of Books, in Divinity, Law and Phy fie; federal entertaining Hiftones; - some Enghfh and Latin a variety of Books School Books,' fortheinftru&ionand entettainment of Children;- - American Magazines and also Museums of the latest dates; parchment,Deed, and Letter Paper, Sealing Wax, Wafers, also Anderson's Scots pills.

Any of the above described Country Produce will be received at General Scott's, where a Receipt will begiven that will qualify the Dearer to receive Goods in Lexington. Lexington, Dec. 25, 1788.

wnen delivered at the luhkri-ber- s house, provided thai any of the above mentioned articles Hull be delivered by the first day of December next, otheiwife nothing but cash will be received in payment , or sour dollars in caih paid by the first day of Aug'ult next : any gentleman putting sour mares of his own property, may have them covered the season for twenty (hillings each, is paid in cash by the first. day of August next good pasturage gratis, but will not be anlwerable for escapes Doncarelefs y. as or accidents. got by old DonCarele s, imported by col. Taylor from England, his dam by the noted Tom Jone, his pedigree is equall to any Horic'b in the Diftnft, but there need not an .enumeration of words, as the horse will mew for
hi-n-

at forty (hillings, to be paid in the following articles viz. corn, bees, bacon, cows and calves, sheep, hogs, butter, or lard Don Carlos is a beautiful biy filteen hands high, of as good parts as any horse in the U nverfe. He was got by Dr, Hamilroi s imported hone Figure, (who won sour Kings Plates) out of the famous mare Pumrofe. Primrose was got by the imported Djve, out of S ella, Stella was got by Othello, out of Sehma, S was imported, and got by Prim-rol- e, the G dolphin Arabia Djn Carlos's dam, won five purses, ag.unft the belt nnd mod capital horfeson the C)ntinent, and was to have been taken to England to run for the King's Plate of one thousand guineas, only prevented by the non export
in one thousand hundrel and seventy five. D n C irlos's colts are incomparable, being allowed, by all judgts thnt have fcen them to excel any ever seen on this Continent. The above will be proved to the fatisfadYion of any person dtfiring it. Daniel March ift. 1789.
fe-v-

Sect.I WHEREAS many persons t who have removed f rem
some other pirts of the United States, and into the diftrift of Kentucky, have become citizen' of this Commonwealth, have sailed within tfen'da'ys aster their removal into the same, to take 'he oath, or oaihs, prefenbedby two Afts of AHelnbly, the one, intituled " An aU for preventing the farther imtcitation oflaves," the other, intituled " An oJ concerning Jlavef," to be taken on the importation of the same, although they might with greit tni'h have taken such oaths: AND WHEREAS such failure hath been chiefly is not altogether, owing to the impracticability of complyBE it emct?d ing with the said as-by the General AJfembiy, thjc such perlons as have al eady icmove'i, or shall remove before the palling of th s Aft, fiom any part of the States, into the D fHft of Kentucky, may take the ciths.afo euid, on or before the first day of May, in the year of our Lord, on6 'thousand seven hundied and eighty' nine, and the taking thereof shall be as effeclu-a- l to award the pecuniary penalties of the said acts, as is it had been within ten days aster the removal 6f such person. Sect. II. ALL persons who shall -- rcmovirw tlie-ft'DtllricV, fiom any part of th,e United States, aster the palling of this aft, may talc the oath aforcfad within fixtydays aftei such removal; art law to the contrary jPROVfDLD notwthftandmg. this aft shall not be construed to afFeel the nght of any flav" or slaves, or of anv ,et-I'i- ji or peifons, mtttled to sreedom: But as to all Per on who m.iv take the said oaths, on or befo e the said first day of Ma), the oj era irn of the fa'd ih, as far as tbev ie late to the freedom ot any 'il.ve removed, or which before the p ffing of this, aft nrtiny be remote f into the Diftricl of Kentucky, finl be and h hereby, suspended for three years; And no suit, or suns, shall be indicated or proceeded on in any Court of this Commonwealth for t,he recovery of the freedom of any such fiave before the expiration of the faicl term of three years. PROVIDED HOWEVER, that the suspension aforesaid, shall not be construed to extendno, or affect, the case pf any, slave or slaves, or of any person ,t?r persons, Intitled to freedom, Who have before the pafling of this acWnftituied a suit or suits for the fanje, in any Court of this Commonwealth? nor to any such case in which an adiudication, or shall have been had thereupon.
:

jn

'Jit

'WOOLLARS TOWARD."
from the "plantation of Alexander M'Connells near Lexington, the first of October last, a dark roan horse, about fourteen hands high, years old, trots some, but paces naturally, branded with a
stirrup-iro- n

C Trayed

self. FRANCIS KEEN,
2931
i

C

sub lerioer about the Twentieth of tpurnber laii, an Iron Gray mare, about thirteen hands and a half high, three years old, a natural trot ter, her mane hangs to the right side. Likewise strayed, some time in December a small red roan horse, nine jears old, about thirteen ha ds and a half high, low and a natural pacer ; "Whoever takes up said creatures and deliver them to me shall receive for the mare three dr Hais, and for rh" hone twe, paid by KUUiiKl iuud.
cairi-aged,

frayed awayfrom the

a rf'

horse can receive any

?'"

It is

hoped no person will uring i;ir 6y which the

injury.

subscriber begs leave to inform the public, that he' intends carrying on the hatting buhnefs in hopewell, Bourbon county, in its various branches. He flatters himself that from his long experience in that branc11, will enable him to give general falisfadtion to all who are kind enough to savour him with rheir custom. HORATIO HALL.

pHE
-

on each shoulder, had on afmall bell : Any person that will deliver the said horse to Alexander M'Connell, or to Robert Edmifton near Bourbon hall recieve the above reward. ALLEN KILLOGH.
court-house,

March, gth 1789. An ACT prescribing ths mode of ESTRAYSo the IFeJiem Waters. Pajfed the 6th of December, 1788

Who will give the higeft
ces
fc--

prier

Section I.

r

Otter-flans-

,

and all

Feb. 23 1789.

-

2730

kind of furr.

.

THE FOLLOWING

THE

t

tfi

MAY BE (HAD AT THIS OFFICE VIZ.

DEEDS, SUBPOENAS, RFPLEVY
?nd common

BONDS, APPRENTI$Cl &c.

CE'S

INPENTURES.&c.

Officers and Soldiers of the. Fayette Regiment are hereby notified that their Regimental Mu-Jfe- r is to hold at Mr. Lewis Craig's Mill on Tuesday the 3 iji of this month They are to take notice that they must appear accoutred as the law directs and also tint the Court of Enquiry Will meet the second day of April next in Lexingtonat Mirfb ill's Tavern tnd sit from day to --rfay until the business R,Pjttkrson Col, is finifbed. Maich, 5, 1789T

That 'from and aster the f.rft day of February next. Eflrays taken up in the D'ftrift of Kentucky, fJiall be advert!, fed in the Kentucky Gazette in the same manner as Eftays are direftcd to be advertised in the Virginia Gazette.
and

the it enaded, T2 General AJfembiy, O
by

more than one Ellray shall be defcribed in an advef tifement, the Clerks of the County Courts in the said Diftncr, and the printer thereof, (hall not demand more than one Hulling for every Rich additional Eilray. Sect. Ill- - ALL, perfonsfliall have access to the Eftray-book- , without paying any see therefor ; any law to the contrary notwithftaading.

Sect. II. PROVIDED ALWAYS, That is be it further enatled,

certain .VJr. Samuel, has lately appeared in the Diftricl, with a pretended bond from one Rodham Knnor of Caioline County against me ' for twenty Pounds, which bond do deny, nor do I owe said Knnor one farthing, as I have iecuipt againit laid Kennor for all dealings ever was between us this is to forewarn all perfons from trading for, or tak-- i t ig an alignment on said bond, as I will not pay any patt of the famp. HENRY CRUTCHER. sib, X2, i78o, A

