gtnv'tcltons any render it some peoples auty. Sin does not conftft in a deviati-ofrom nefeived opinion; itdoes not r-- n C S, On " AIR, intituled "An aftrfgr eftablifling Alas ! my Friend, ,the sleeting yearsj depend, upon the understanding, but " the Will. Of time's fwitt current glide away ; men of the' most differ Now, is it appears that-a DISTRICT COURT on the Heft- - PERHAPS e Nor sighs can add nor conlUut mans opinion has happened to parties very frequent his duty ; and his opinion has not pra yeis ly think the same ;' only vaty in their em waters. To our short Live's a single Day. phrase and language. At, Itaft, is been owing to any vicious deftre of inone examines their first principles, ' dulging his appiti e- s- In fbort, is his own reajon, liable to err, have AIR, .which very often coincide, it weie a faffed the 3d of December 1 788.5 Then let's with joy. his wtii ; rather than his will point is prudence, as well as candour, Our tly way contributed to conjider the rest ar nothing more to bias and de. Sec. I WHEREAS lhe Ju"d8es and In pleasure's most delighting; prave hit reajon, he will, perhape, apA courtier's dependent is a leg- officers of the Suoiher Not vainly wise pear guilty bejo'e none, befidean earths preme Court for the Diftrift ot 6 Love's JdyrdeTpire" " 'Is national reflections are unjttft, be- ly tribunal. are fubjefted to mariy inKentucky, W,hilft Youth is,flill inviting. A perjon s right to resift, d epends there are good men in all nations conveniences, by being obliged to casfe 4 are not national wars upon much the upon a conviction, that the governmake personal applications to the ment is ill managed; thai others have As Time slows by, let you and I same footing? ; of the feveial Courts of the . Clerks Drown all our Care and Sorrow A government it$ inexcusable for more claim tdmanage it, 01 will aamini-JierDiftrift for the payment of the fala-rie- s We'll laugh to. Day, while yet wo because better ;, that he, by hisreftjlance, ; For remedy employing foolifb ministers ; accruing to them can intioauce a chmge to its advantage, may, examine a man's head, though T whereof, Be it euaBed by the General they may And think of Death and this without any consequential Governor, With they cannot his heart. AJembly, that the that wilt bear brotii,rtion la the said the proper means of encrea I the advice, of the Council, shall ap- sing fanty,love to our native country, is advantage. My friend & I to Day have rid the and commiffion some perfonjto point Full to reside some time in a foreign one. Whether this were not in appearance And thirty miles, to banish sorrow; be a receiver, who shall reside at or now alas ! wc jnuft to bed The love of popularity seems little the case of Bulme'ino, I will hot pre near the place of holding the said To try to sleep until beloved; fume to than the love of being Jay ; how conceived, or from Court, and on entering into bond, else and is only blameable when a person ivnai . liut, as.l tmnic, theGotemor, or his payableo aims as the affedions of a people by he was reputed an honest man, in o. foi the use of the Common means in appearance honest, but in titer rejpefl,, one guess hisbehavi- X E wealth, and with sufficient feeurity, and deftruttive. our win rather owing to the mijreprc- the-saiCourt, their end pernicious d to be approved of by There ought, no doubt, to be heroes jentadons of his reajon, than to anyde- in the fuin of five thousand pounds, injoctety-awell as butchers, and who pravtty, perverjenejs, or diftngenuuy faithful dicharge conditioned for the Knows but the necejfuy of butchers , , of his will. of his tiuft, (hall be veiled with the inflaming and Jlimtilating the pai and authority which the joint powe' ons with animal food) might at hrfl bright bay. On Diflinctions, Orders and Dignities- - TS a beautiful public Auditor and Tieafurer ate full fifteen cccafion the neceffity of heroes? Buthands high; law pofiefled of, for setnow by chers I believe were prior. ThefubjeS turned upon the nature wi'h a figure that needs no tling with the said Clerks and giving ofjocteties, ranks, orders, and difttvic The whole system of a courtly befor all puplic monies commendation , will cover them receipts haviour Jeems included in the power tions among jl men. for which they aie accountable by mares this season in A gentleman offpirit, and of the, poof making general savors anear partiand also the power of the law, at two hundred pounds ones. pular fatlion, had been long declaimto move the laid said Su- cular A man of remaikable genious may ing against any kind of honors that of merchantable Tobacco, or preme Court for judgment and Ex afford to pass by a piece of wit, is it tended to elevate a body as people into thirty millings cash the fealon, ecution againfl such of them as shall happens to border on a diftinQ pedes from the rest of the or two dollars abuje. A little the single leap ; be dehnquen . genius is obliged to catch at every nations- Particularly titles and be it further enafled, Sec. II. Aid to be paid en or befcre the blue ribbands were the objefl.of his in That'thefaid receiver shall, ateveiy witticijm indiscriminately, firlt day of November next. Indolent e is a kind of centripetal dignation. They weie as he pretended said Court, render an feflion of the It is needless to say any thing foi ce. too invidious an ostentation ofj'uperiority account to the then feting Judges, It seems idle to rail at ambition to be atowed in a'iy nation that ftiled ot the performances of this of all the monies he ilia have re- merely because it is abouniiefs pajion: itjelf free. Much was said upon the sine horie, only that he can ceived inconsequence of his appointis not this circumflance an Jubjeit of appearance, so far as they out of wh'ch he shall be inti-lle- d or rather ment; beat any horse in the .D.ftnft argument in its savor ? Is one would were countenanced by law or custom. to a commiilion of sour per centum be employed the sour mile heats His peor amiijed through life, The hifbop's lawn ; the marfbil s ; trunfor his trouble, and the balance digree is Ihort- - he came out fbould we not make choice of a pajj-io-n cheon; the baron's robe; and the judg he shall pay on demand to the Judthat will keep one long in play. t s peruke, were confiderd only as necef-Jar- y of Col. Braxton's K,tty Flittges and other officers of the said A Jportjmart of vivacity will male jubftitutes, where genuine purity, er, and was d.fcharge of the jSu, eme Court, in got by try- - old chuice of that game which will proteal courage, native dignity, and ui, SaU'ies, or ariears of Salanes, and Gjdolpnin tinman. long his diversion. A sox that will table penetration, were wanting tocem-plea- t stipends, which maybe due to them, NICHOLAS LAFON. fupporfthe cltacc till night, is bitter the chaiaSen of thoje to whom or ei'her of them, Lexington March io, 1789. game titan a rabbit, that will not affoid tltey were affigned. to h.m such Cgiyncam thereof as him half an hours entertainment. ' It was uiged that policy had often are '.coined lBthe aft, intituled. . 1 l'rtnce Hal to the eff'eSuady made it a point to dazzle in up uy the mbl. &iMfiiion ' An all for amming an aS for eftdciii'iySSuMkve that committed him, order to ii.flave ; and inflames were living one mile llifbmg a DiftriB Court on the Weft-e- '" m til&Bj&l&'his li'inor than all the brought of groundlejs distinction borne wafrs" taking leceipts theieon Ktt conqiteJltHenry the Fifth m France. about in the glare of day by certain Lexington, a dun coloured Cow. as the Cleiks in the said aft are some white Ipots, no The most animated Jocial pleajure, persons, who being stripped of them with to take; which Cclinoites, that Icalicmiccivc, may be perhaps, or brand perceivable, has mark would be tejs esteemed than the mean-ewith a copy of his accounts, alter by a general aster a fuccejsful plebeian. .lately calved, ported and having been examined, and attested felt engagement, or in it ; I m$.in byjuch Ih acknovledged, that kings, the to fifty fhillngs ; The to be true, by the fa'd Judges, he commanders as have Jouls equal to fountains of all political honor, had shall transmit at lealt, annually, to a ner is desired to come and their occupation. This however Jeems hithtrto fbewn no complaijacne to that 0 to the Auditor ot public accounts, and pnradoxical and requires Jome explaJex wheje Jofter dijpofitwns rendered p.ove his property, pay char-- gs pubat the same time pay unto the nation. and take them away. them tne more excujably fond of Juch lic tieal'ury the surplus of this fund, Resistance to the reigning powers peculiarities. March i$th, 1788. therefor, or be liable to prosecution is justifiable, upon a conviction that ,. That 'in savor of the Ladies, he James Walker. in the same manner, and be fubjeft their government is inconftftent with fhou.d esteem himfeif Jujftciently happy as dsl.nquent to the same penalties, the good of the fubjeB ; that our in the honor of inveutng tne order, Clerks of Courts are liable to. tends to eftablifb better which would be ftiled the most powerIs itfhall PROVIDED HOWEVER, measures; and this without a probav ful order of beauties. at any time appear to the said JudT Hereby give notice, that the occasioning evils that may the hands of bility of ges, that the fund in & law, eftabhfhing a Town at ovir balance them. But thtje the laid receiver, is inadequate to must never be Jeparated the mouth of l.imeftone, will purposes for which it is allotthe S People ate, perhaps,' more vicious A ONG probably be altered : And I do ted, they shall direst the said receithey have fewet tie" dividend thereof to in towns, because ver to make a. To the tune of "how nappy's the hereby forbid the Truitees, turall objeBs there to employ their at each claimant, proportionate to the tention -- or admiration; likewije be soldier who lives on his pay,-- " &c. from ading under the former amount ot the Certificates they shall cause one vicious charaBer tends to law, and further forewarn all and ieieft;vcly pioduce to him OW nappy's the Lawyer who persons from purchasing encturage and keep another in counJohn the several balances that may then tenance However it be. excluding lives onhis sees, remain due to them, shall be certiWho fpendswhat he gets, forhegcts May's land, under the Defcrip-tio- n accidental circumstances, I believe the of John May's and Simon fied by the said recriver, and it with ease, are the most vicious of by oneot the sad Judges, largest cities Kenton's, as John May, and He sears neither pistols, nor horse all others. on which he holder shall be whips, nor swords, Simon Kenton have no such , Law 'are generally sound to be nets payment out of the funds to all his points with the force land, of such a texture, as the little creep But gains and of coiufc, whatever thcSa-lanepiovided for the difchaige of of his woids. the great break througli, and is done under the former law, of the other civil Officers of through, He cares not a marvedy how the middle Jized are alone entangled will be considered as null and the State. the world taunts, in it. Sec. 111. Aid be it further enattcd, JOHN MAY. His client find cash, which supplies void. (b 2t tfl That the said Judges are hetcoy Jan. 7th, 789 all his wants, Though I have no sort of inclinati authorized and impoweicd, to appoint pain on to vindicate the late rebellian, ye. He laughs at all sorrow a Jailor, and make him '"uch allow- " am led by candor to make it affords. Jome ance for his services as they shall at the bar between the immorality of its But thunders away th nk reasonable and alio to nuke abettors, and the illegaity of their ofwith his words. A ND for Sale by John Rhea Tor the pad fervicesof an allowance at his Store at Scott's Ware-Houfefence. My lord Hardwick, in his . The barhis delight, and his plea- the perion who hath afted as Jai-lfute always, condemnation jpeech, remarks, with the Kentucky, a very laid Court. to the great propriety, that the laws of all It leads him to honor, and glory, general Aflortment of - Sec. IV. So much of all and eveDry Goods and praifc, have adjudged rebellion to be ry aft o afts ot Airembly, as comes nitions No lady that hears him, but will- Hard Ware and groceries, for crimes. And in regaid "vuh.n the puiview of this aft, shall the w orft of ing accords, which cash, Tobacco, ginfangj to civil societies, I beleive there are be, and the same is beieby, nane but mad men will dijpute it, To yield up her hand to the force Furrs, iz. Beaver, Racoons, of his w ords. Eutjurety with regard to coujeience Foxes, Wild cats and OKer-eki- ns erroneous judgments and ill grounded

An ACT far further amending an aS,

An Extract

fio-f-

l

Shcnflonc's Effaye.

n

PO.L ITI

,

r

a

mif-pac-

fi-

hours-emplo-

y,

W

...

it

,

-r

s,

H'

s

sy atvAT J H IN SorJJJiJJL nTTT

x

f

I

g

f

'pAken

n-b- er,

fr

jl

ap-prai-

fed

'

m $&9

$

I5

coun-teifigne-

mti-tle-

s

,

1

JUST OPENED

k

ot

on

will be taken inpayment

